Fix misleading from_unixtime documentation about return type (#6265)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/shared/sql-reference/functions/time-and-date.md

## from_unixtime

Converts an integer (Unix timestamp in seconds) to a timestamp value.
The underlying result is a timestamp (`Timestamp(TimeUnit::Second, None)`).

> In query results, JSON, CSV, and "pretty" formats render the timestamp as an ISO 8601 string (`YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS`, without a timezone indicator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you output query results as JSON (default for the API), CSV, or pretty (default for the CLI), the timestamp is formatted as an ISO 8601 string (`YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS`, without a timezone indicator).
```

> Converts an integer to RFC3339 timestamp format (`YYYY-MM-DDT00:00:00.000000000Z`).
> Input is parsed as a [Unix nanosecond timestamp](/influxdb/version/reference/glossary/#unix-timestamp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converts an integer (Unix timestamp in seconds) to a timestamp value.
The underlying result is a timestamp (`Timestamp(TimeUnit::Second, None)`).
In query results, JSON, CSV, and "pretty" formats render the timestamp as an ISO 8601 string (`YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS`, without a timezone indicator).
When output to Parquet, the raw integer value (e.g., `1641042000`) is preserved.

```
